All right, let's move on
to the next challenge.
And this is a pretty fun and
interesting challenge and you will
get to know that there are so many
situations just like this and
without learning a new concept
it's very difficult to actually
pull this off.
Surely can be done but it's
rather difficult.
So notice here you are preparing
an order summary with customer
names and their total bill task.
Use two list, one for
name and one for bills.
So let's just do whatever
the problem statement is saying.
Let's do one by one that exactly
this one is 05 and we are going
to call this one as order summary
Py So it's asking us that we
should have two list first of all
names.
So let's go ahead and create a list
for names.
I will definitely go ahead and add
my name first, which usually I do.
And then let's add some more name,
maybe Mira, maybe Sam and maybe Ali.
Alright, the another
list is for bills.
So each customer gets a bill.
Let's just say the first customer
gets 50 rupees,
the second customer gets 70 rupees.
Sam probably got 100 rupees.
He's rich, he can pay.
Ali gets let's just say 55.
That's good.
Now we have four people in
the names, four bills in our list.
And what we want to do, we want to
actually go ahead and print the name
and paid this much amount of rupees.
So how can we do that?
We can loop through the names
at the same time.
We can loop through the bills
because the numbers are same.
But it would be very difficult
to run these two loops for exactly
these kinds of situation.
We need to study one more
topic which is the zip.
So zip is exactly like that,
iterates over several iteratable in
parallel producing tuples or tuples
with an item from each one.
So notice here the example says
from item.
This is just a variable name.
Feel free to call it anything.
We can use a zip, which is a tuple.
It takes tuple as a input parameter.
It's a function
which takes two lists.
This is the first list
and this is the second list.
Notice here we have the sugar, spice
and everything nice just like this.
And then when we print the item
it actually prints it like this.
So we receive a tuple itself.
If we are receiving a tuple itself as
a back in the item instead of
putting this as just item so that we
get all of these things, we can use
our previous knowledge of enumerate,
we can have the index as well as the
item and we will get two of these
things nicely and we can just do the
job.
And that is why zip is necessary.
So let's go ahead and work with that.
Pretty simple.
We are going to call this one as name
and and comma amount.
Feel free to call it as index.
These are just variable name
doesn't really matter much.
So inside the zip we'll
provide the two list.
The first one being names,
second one being bills.
And then we can just go ahead
and print our statement
just like we want it to be.
So we'll say first of all let's say
name paid and then we can
use the amount and rupees.
It depends on you how you want
to print the statement.
Totally on you and very optional,
no big deal there.
Let's go ahead and clean this up.
Call this one as python and we want
to print the 05 file and we can
see Hitesh paid 50 rupees, Meera
paid 70, Sam paid 100, Ali paid 55.
So pretty easy and workaround
with that.
So as you saw that some
of the knowledge is really required
and some of the knowledge actually
builds on top of the others.
So we saw already some
of the knowledge in enumerate
but on top of that we added our
knowledge for the zip as well.
That is it.
Hope you enjoyed these
crisp and small tutorial.
But actually they pay really good
in the sense of knowledge.
That is it for this video.
Let's catch up in the next one.